Google Analytics extension HOWTO

HOWTO
=====

Title: Advanced eZ publish Statistics and Reporting
Subtitle: Advanced Website Statistics Reporting with Google Analytics

Index

1. Introduction
2. Getting started
3. Installing extension
4. Configuration
5. Conclusion


Page 1 - Introduction 


1. Introduction to Google Analytics
   ------------

   About the Google Analytics (service and extension)


Page 2 - Getting started with Google Analytics


2. Requirements
   ------------

2.1 Do you already have a Google Analaytics account?

    If you already have a Google Analytics account please continue to 1.2, if not please see, 3.0

2.2 Do you already have a Google Analaytics Website Profile / Urchin ID?

    If you already have a Google Analytics Website Profile / Urchin ID, please continue to, 10.1

3. Creating your account

   Getting a Google Analytics account is easy and available at no cost.

   Simply sign-up at, http://www.google.com/analytics/sign_up.html

4. Creating your first website profile

   Getting a Google Analytics Website Profile for your website.

4.1 Login to your account at the Google Analytics Website, http://google.com/analytics/

4.2 Click text link, '+ Add Website Profile'

4.3 Enter the text of your own website address into to the url form field and click the form button, 'Finish'

4.4 Document the Google Analaytics Website Profile Urchin ID

    Document the Google Analaytics Website Profile / Urchin ID returned upon sucessfull creation.

    This id must be installed into the eZ Publish Google Analytics extension settings.

5. Configuring additional settings

   Unknown.

6. Configuring Page Statistics Tracking

   Unknown.

8. Configure your google analytics account

   Unknown.

9. Get account number

   Unknown.


Page 3 - Installing Google Analytics


10. Installing Google Analytics

10.1 Re: Installing an eZ publish extension.

10.2 Re: Activating an eZ publish extension.

10.3 Re: Configuring an eZ publish extension general and extension specific settings


Page 4 - Configuration of Google Analytics extension

10. Installing account number

    Setting, googleanalytics.ini.append.php and doc/CONFIG

11. Enabling account statistics capture

    * Migrated descriptions from doc/USAGE 

12. Extended configuration options

    Unknown. Duplicate.

13. Configuring e-commerce Statistics Tracking

    * Migrated descriptions from doc/USAGE


Page 5 - Conclusion


